Add some fixes to documentation (#1392)
opensafely-core/ehrql: docs/explanation/examples.md

which provides the filename `your-asthma-codelist.csv`
and the name of the CSV column with codes.

> Some codelists will have a category column that groups individual codes into categories. For example, [this codelist](https://www.opencodelists.org/codelist/opensafely/ethnicity-snomed-0removed/2e641f61/) for ethnicity has 2 category columns, which represent categories at both 6 and 16 levels.To make use of these categories you can do this:

Author: Agree that having this on a separate page would be good!

> ### Finding each patient's ethnicity

Reviewer: This section looks great; thanks for filling it out :+1:

:construction: Ethnicity is incompletely coded within primary care. More detail will be added in the future on how to improve ethnicity capture by incorporating data from secondary care.

> Ethnicity can be defined using a codelist. There are a lot of individual codes that can used to indicate a patients' fine-grained ethnicity. To make analysis more manageable, ethnicity is therefore commonly grouped into higher level categories. Above, we described how you can [import codelists that have a category column](#some-examples-using-codelist_from_csv). You can use a codelist like this to map clinical event codes for ethnicity to higher level categories like this:

Reviewer: nit:

```suggestion
Ethnicity can be defined using a codelist. There are a lot of individual codes that can used to indicate a patients' fine-grained ethnicity. To make analysis more manageable, ethnicity is therefore commonly grouped into higher level categories. Above, we described how you can [import codelists that have a category column](#some-examples-using-codelist_from_csv). You can use a codelist with a category column to map clinical event codes for ethnicity to higher level categories as in this example:
```
